Let me help you, oh Omori
This kind of thing
Just leave it to his servant to do it.
What are you worrying about? Oh, it's nothing.
Yes ma'am is right
This is what I should do.
Gone
Mr. Fan, welcome home
Chu Chu, you will sleep in this one in the future.
Ah, it's not my senior year, don't I live with you?
Grandma is a person with outdated ideas
It's better to wait until you get married before living
Oh, old man, be considerate.
I am the only elder.
I'm sure I'll listen to grandma's words
All right.
Assistant Su, take Miss Chu Chu's suitcase.
Okay, actually got engaged and got married soon
Well, bye-bye. Well, bye-bye.
What are you doing ma'am give you chocolate
I stopped eating this chocolate a long time ago
But this is not when you were in college
Favorite chocolate?
Who told you that?
Take it away
This
You are too embarrassed to grow low-grade chocolate and bring it to me.
Humph
Ah, wow.
Is this the chocolate from last time?
I remember it was delicious.
Can I have one?
It's all for you. What's wrong with you? You're so depressed.
I just